How To License Aladdin StuffIt Engine

The License Agreement for the StuffIt Engine (a file named "License") can be
found in the folder where the Engine was installed. The License Agreement needs
to be completed by every customer who licenses the Engine.

Terms of Agreement

The StuffIt Engine is generally licensed for a period of one year with
sequential yearly renewals. Thirty days prior to the expiration of the license,
Aladdin will mail the licensee a renewal notice to continue usage of the Engine
for an additional term.

Completing a License Agreement for Engine

1. Please read the entire License.

2. Fill in the date and provide the name of your company and mailing address.
This address should be the location which you would like to receive Engine
upgrades.

3. Sign the agreement and include a printed or typed name, title, and date.

4. Complete Schedule A which requests three pieces of information:

Program Modules: Check the appropriate boxes. Check the Engine Components boxes
only if you are licensing specific parts of the Engine and not the whole
package.

License Fee: Fill in the appropriate fee. If you have not been quoted a fee for
your particular usage, please contact the Aladdin Systems Developer Sales and
Licensing Group. They can be reached at 831-761-6200 or
sdk.sales@aladdinsys.com. The fee is based on the type and amount of use of the
StuffIt Engine.

License Term: Please provide the name of your software application that will be
distributed using the StuffIt Engine and the maximum number of units per year
that you will be distributing.  In addition, please provide the commencement
date. This is the actual date that you will begin distribution/using software
embedded with the Engine. The renewal period begins 12 months from this date.

Accepted Methods Of Payment: A check in US dollars or credit card information
(we accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express - please include
expiration date). A purchase order with net thirty day terms may be accepted at
Aladdin's discretion.

Commonly Asked License Agreement Questions

Q. If I am a consultant creating software for a client; who needs to sign the
License Agreement?

A. The legal owner of the software needs to sign the License Agreement for a
commercially sold product. If the product is a promotional piece, the consultant
can be the Signer.

Q. Who pays tax?

A. California businesses need to add 8.25% tax if they do not have a California
resale number.

How To Reach Developer Sales:

Aladdin Systems,
245 Westridge Drive
Watsonville, CA 95076

Telephone: 831-761-6200
Fax: 831-761-6206
Email: sdk.sales@aladdinsys.com
Internet: http://www.aladdinsys.com

